Extend widget props to WrapperWidgetUI (#57)
CartoDB/carto-react-lib: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## Not released

- Pass actions and options to WrapperWidgetUI from HistogramWidget and CategoryWidget [#50](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react-lib/pull/50)
- Fix addSource in cartoSlice spreading layerAttributes [#52](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react-lib/pull/52)

> - extend widget props to WrapperWifgetUI with a better implementation than in [#50](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react-lib/pull/50) [#57](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react-lib/pull/57)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend widget props to WrapperWidgetUI with a better implementation [#57](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react-lib/pull/57)
```

🔝 a typo in Widget and a suggestion to be shorter

Author: Let's go 🚀

## 1.0.0-beta8 (2020-12-15)

> 

Reviewer: We didn't apply here a linter on markdown, so maybe remove the blanks, don't you think?

Author: This blanks were added by my editor (VS Code) automatically with Prettier "format on save" plugin, but I can remove them if you want

Reviewer: Ok, let them in. We'll try to add prettier to the project, as we had before on carto-react-template
